you
man you look like shit but this might
help good morn no but they're watching
someone for him okay it's this doctor
named bradley Ragland where is he whoa
he's a good guy okay you find him he
helps us get to McMullen he's uptown at
st. Paul's Hospital he runs some work
there wait wait hold up there's more all
right so I did some research on hope
Idaho it was an army town on july twenty
first 1969 it vanishes from the map the
official word was that it was an
anti-government gun nut standoff some
militia killed a bunch of people and the
feds killed the militia no there was
only one survivor notice a girl second
from the left Elizabeth Green who looks
an awful lot like a college student
these days not bad for 55 years old
obata who was an experiment how could
you possibly know that the people I've
killed there in me I can hear them see
the things they've done fuck are you
talking about I can understand it all
I'm supposed to do these things but it's
right I can feel it
find Ragland and ask him about McMullen
my back feels like it's beating on me
you
Oh
dr. raglan
I already said I won't deal with you
people my medical opinions not for sale
I'm impressed what is it you want
exactly your help stopping the virus why
you can say I'm symptomatic so pick a
side I'll tell you what I know but first
we need to find where the military has
patient zero okay the bodies from the
first outbreak of the key Black Watch
spectres took them find the spectres
find the bodies maybe I can find some
answers
you